
Aaliya

Aaliya is an ACORN Canada employee, and has been for a year now. She is 27 years old and works at ACORN Canada. Driven by her passion for social and economic justice, she aims to bring better living conditions to low income areas. She believes that giving back to the community and helping others is important because she herself grew up in a low income neighbourhood, with her parents struggling to make do.

Aaliya is a second generation Canadian from India. She is 5 foot 8 inches and has a light brown skin complexion, with radiant chesnut-colored hair. Her parents were born here and grew up all their lives in Ontario. Till she was 14, Aaliya's parents were forced to live in a dinghy 2 person apartment. It was then that her father got a different job and moved to a more comfortable place. Until then, Aaliya was unaware that apartments in city of Toronto were entitled to fixed standards concerning insect or mice infestation, heating, mold, etc. Her old apartment had severe problems such as regular cockroach infestations and mold everywhere, and even though her landlord promised to call exterminators, no such help came.

After her father got a better paying job, Aaliya was motivated to give back to Toronto commuities and fight for the rights of residents who are being ignored by their respective landowners.

Aaliya gets an annual salary of $30,000 and additional benefits for working with ACORN, but she's more interested in the impact she makes towards improving communities. She enjoys scrapbooking, marathon running and painting in her spare time. She's also not very tech savvy; besides having a social prescence on Facebook and text messaging with here friends, complex technology unnerves her. She doesn't mind using an internet-based application to maintain the interactive map, but it must be familiar to her and intuitive to her understanding on maps online. Her experience with map applications is limited to Google Maps, so if it resembles that then it should be fine.
