1. 

Tom is currently trying to find a new house to move into for him, his wife Jane and his 1 year old baby, Jennifer. Tom is 30 years old and Jane is 28 years old. Tom is a stay at home dad while Jane is a schoolteacher at a nearby school. An average weekday starts at 7 A.M when Jane gets ready for work and Tom prepares breakfast while noting things to do for the day. Jane leaves for work by 8 A.M and Tom continues the day following his to-do list. Tom loves cooking, hiking and photography, and he aspires to be a chef one day. 

Unfortunately for Jane, their current home (in Scarborough) is a 90 minute commute to her work which is in Mississauga. Another problem is that Tom's parents live closer to Mississauga in an elderly home. This is a hassle for him especially because he visits them regularly to keep them company.

Tom has been thinking of moving to Mississauga for some time now but since his family has to rely on a low income, his options are limited to cheaper apartments. He wants the best for his family and finds it unacceptable to sign a lease without knowing if the apartment building has problems. He has Internet access, but even a Google search of the buildings he's interested in returns no detailed reviews or forum posts about the building itself. 

2. 

Adam is 32, and he doesn't want to live with his parents anymore. He plays drums for a metal band. He's played a significant amount of gigs around Toronto bars but he really doesn't make any money from performing. Adam's current financial situation is not great. He recently found a job waiting tables, but years of playing loud music have impaired his hearing, making work with customers more challenging. 

Last year he decided to cut down on buying musical gear, and consequently saved up enough money to finally move out from his parents house. He moved in into a house in Mississauga - the place is small, but the neighbors are musicians too and they don't mind him practicing music. 

Very quickly Adam discovered that the place has mice. At first he thought that the problem had to do with his poor housekeeping habits, but after talking to his neighbors, he found out that the entire house has been infested for a while. The landlord even called an exterminator once, but the mouse problem remains unsolved. 

The landlord seemed unresponsive to Adams complaints, so after long deliberation, Adam decided to move out from the infested house. His friends offered him to temporarily crash with them until he's able to find another place to stay. 

One day Adam was approached Acorn representative, who handed him a pamphlet with instructions on complaining about the infestation problem. Adam still doesn't have an Internet connection, so was happy to find out that he can file a complaint by sending a text message. He wants to make sure others know about the problem with mice in the building and consequently he wants to pressure the irresponsible landlord to deal with the problem.







